README.md, before:

We would like to manage multiple video sources and switch
through them using a GTK GUI but also from python command line.

Quick start:

  $ git clone https://github.com/gipi/Streamstudio.git
  $ cd Streamstudio
  $ python streamstudio.py


DEPENDENCIES
------------

In order to make this program runs you need

 - GObject
 - Gstreamer1.0
 - Gtk3
 - Glade

This program use the PyGOBject introspection <https://live.gnome.org/PyGObject>
in order to be able to use directly the C APIs.

If you are interested in more details about introspection look at this page

  https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject/IntrospectionPorting

The documentation for the PyGTK3 and GStreamer code can be found at the following pages

  https://python-gtk-3-tutorial.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html
  http://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/api/Gst_1.0/

In some distributions there isn't available yet gstreamer1.0, if you want
to use this application, you can use the gstreamer-repo available to the
github repository present at the address

    https://github.com/gipi/gstreamer-repo.git

It's also possible to use a Vagrant box with an Ubuntu 13.04 installation
with a simple

  $ vagrant up

The first time it starts will configure the box installing the desktop environment
and the gstreamer tools, so be aware that it will download a lot of data from
the network, just in case you care. Also you need to reboot the first time since the
window manager is not autostarting.


TESTS
-----

There are also some (broken) tests, run them with

 $ python -m unittest tests


DEBUGGING GSTREAMER PART
------------------------

It's possible to debug internal pipelines using the

    GST_DEBUG_DUMP_DOT_DIR=$PWD
    GST_DEBUG="*:2,GST_CAPS:4"

environmental variables.


V4L2Loopback
------------

In order to test is possible to use v4l2loopback that creates
for you some fake video devices with stream of your choice.

The project is hosted at

  https://github.com/umlaeute/v4l2loopback/wiki


 # apt-get install v4l2loopback-dkms v4l2loopback-utils

Commit message:

Add screenshot and more information to README.

README.md, after:

We would like to manage multiple video/audio sources and switch
through them using a GTK GUI but also from python command line.

FUNCTIONALITY
-------------

 - [x] add stream contained in media file
 - [ ] use v4l2 source
 - [ ] create stream from images (png,jpeg,gif)
 - [ ] remove input sources
 - [ ] add pause/play for not live sources
 - [x] switch between video sources
 - [ ] switch between audio sources
 - [x] visualize input audio level
 - [x] visualize input audio volume
 - [x] modify input audio volume
 - [ ] save locally input and output

Quick start:

  $ git clone https://github.com/gipi/Streamstudio.git
  $ cd Streamstudio
  $ python streamstudio.py

Below a screenshot of the main GUI

![screenshot](./screenshot.png)

*Not all the button are functional*


DEPENDENCIES
------------

In order to make this program runs you need

 - GObject
 - Gstreamer1.0
 - Gtk3
 - Glade

This program use the PyGOBject introspection <https://live.gnome.org/PyGObject>
in order to be able to use directly the C APIs.

If you are interested in more details about introspection look at this page

  https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject/IntrospectionPorting

The documentation for the PyGTK3 and GStreamer code can be found at the following pages

  https://python-gtk-3-tutorial.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html
  http://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/api/Gst_1.0/

In some distributions there isn't available yet gstreamer1.0, if you want
to use this application, you can use the gstreamer-repo available to the
github repository present at the address

    https://github.com/gipi/gstreamer-repo.git

It's also possible to use a Vagrant box with an Ubuntu 13.04 installation
with a simple

  $ vagrant up

The first time it starts will configure the box installing the desktop environment
and the gstreamer tools, so be aware that it will download a lot of data from
the network, just in case you care. Also you need to reboot the first time since the
window manager is not autostarting.


TESTS
-----

There are also some (broken) tests, run them with

 $ python -m unittest tests


DEBUGGING GSTREAMER PART
------------------------

It's possible to debug internal pipelines using the

    GST_DEBUG_DUMP_DOT_DIR=$PWD
    GST_DEBUG="*:2,GST_CAPS:4"

environmental variables.


V4L2Loopback
------------

In order to test is possible to use v4l2loopback that creates
for you some fake video devices with stream of your choice.

The project is hosted at

  https://github.com/umlaeute/v4l2loopback/wiki


 # apt-get install v4l2loopback-dkms v4l2loopback-utils
